Name	Description	Cost	Load
"Bag, Backpack."	"A leather, burlap, or cloth bag with straps or a sling to grant you more space to store items on you. While you wear a backpack, your carry load increases by 50."	20c	0
"Bag, Camping Backpack."	"This large, heavy duty backpack has nylon strings made for tightening, a waist belt to help balance, many pockets, and an overhead compartment for larger storage. While you wear a camping backpack, your carry load increases by 100. "	100c	0
"Bag, Range."	"This single bag with one sling is longer to allow weapons to be stored in it with ease. You can store up to three weapons in the bag that have the Two Handed or Unwieldy property, if you do; each weapon's carry load is halved."	50c	0
Ball Bearings	"You can spend 3 AP to scatter these small metal spheres across a flat surface in a 5 foot radius. Any creature who walks or runs through the area falls prone and takes 1d4 bludgeoning damage, unless the creature has a passive sense above 13 or has otherwise noticed the ball bearings; they must spend 2 AP for every 5 feet of movement."	10c	1
Bear Trap	"You can spend 6 Action Points to arm this bear trap in a 5 foot area. If the trap is already triggered, you can reset it with 6 AP and a Strength check of 15. If a creature moves into the area, the trap triggers and they take 3d4 piercing damage to their hit points and become grappled. You can disarm an untriggered bear trap with 6 AP and a crafting skill check with the DC equal to 15. You can attempt to pry open a triggered bear trap with 6 AP and a Strength ability check equal to 15. If you are grappled by the bear trap when you attempt this ability check; you have disadvantage on the roll unless your Endurance is equal to 6 or greater. On a success, you open the bear trap and any creatures grappled by it are no longer grappled. On a failure, the trap clamps back down on the grappled creature and they take 1d4 piercing damage."	60c	30
Binoculars	"You can spend 3 AP to look through binoculars. While you look through them, your sight is magnified. You have advantage on any perception ability checks relying on sight when viewing objects, creatures, or a location that are at least 100 feet away. "	90c	2
Caltrops	"You can spend 3 AP to scatter these small sharp objects across a flat surface in a 5 foot radius. Any creature who walks or runs through the area takes 2 piercing damage to their hit points for every 1 foot of movement they make through the area (this damage is not subtracted by DT), unless the creature has a passive sense above 13 or has otherwise noticed the caltrops; they must spend 2 AP for every 5 feet of movement."	50c	1
Canteen	The metal canteen holds 32 oz. of liquid. 	10c	1
Chain	"utside of the typical, practical uses of a chain; if you are holding a chain while attempting to grapple or strangle another creature, you have advantage on your Strength ability rolls. Chains have an AC of 10, a DT of 10, 10 hit points, and vulnerability to ballistic, laser, and plasma damage. "	15c	8
Electronic Lockpick	"You spend 6 AP to attach this mechanical device to any lock within 5 feet of you that requires a breach skill check to open, at the end of your turn the electronic lockpick opens the lock. Due to its fine tuned circuitry and brittle picks, the electronic lockpick breaks after use. "	500c	2
Flare	You can spend 6 AP on your turn to light this flare. This flare creates bright red light in a 30 foot radius and dim red light for an additional 30 feet. This light lasts for 1 hour. 	10c	1
Flashlight	You can spend 1 AP while holding this flashlight to create bright light in a 20 foot cone and dim light for an additional 20 feet. The light lasts for 8 hours so long as you spend 6 AP to load an energy cell into the flashlight.	100c	1
Gas mask	"While you wear this mask, your radiation DC decreases by 3 and your passive sense decreases by 2."	80c	5
Geiger Counter	"When you enter an irradiated zone, this device detects the level of radiation and you learn the radiation severity score."	200c	4
Grappling Hook	A metal hook that can be tied and attached to rope with 6 AP.	50c	5
Hazmat Suit	"This large yellow suit is lined with layers of lead to provide the most protection from radiation without wearing power armor. Due to its bulky design; it takes 1 minute to don or doff, and you cannot wear armor over the suit. However, you can wear armor underneath the suit. While you wear the hazmat suit your radiation DC decreases by 10 and you are immune to radiation damage. If you fail a radiation check, your radiation DC does not increase. For every 5 points of damage you take to your hit points while wearing a hazmat suit, it gains a level of decay. Each level of decay increases your radiation score by 1. To repair a hazmat suit, the crafting DC is equal to 12 (+2) and requires x2 lead and x1 cloth."	10c	10
Lockpicks	"A set of bobby pins. Due to the fragile nature of the pin, it becomes unusable after an attempt to unlock something with it."	100c	3
Rope	"Rope can be used to tie items together, make a pulley system, climb, or tie someone up. If you are holding a rope while attempting to grapple or strangle another creature, you have advantage on your Strength ability rolls. Rope has an AC of 10, a DT of 2, 5 hit points, and vulnerability to ballistic, laser, plasma, and slashing damage."	10c	6
Sleeping Bag	"This nylon, cloth, or hide bag allows you to sleep even in the roughest terrain."	25c	10
Stealth Boy	"A RobCo Stealth Boy 3001 personal stealth device. This technological, pre-war wonder generates a modulating field that transmits the reflected light from one side of an object to the other. You can spend 3 AP to activate a stealth boy, once you activate you become invisible for 1 minute so long as you keep the stealth boy on your body. Once a stealth boy has been activated, it cannot be activated again."	500c	6
Tent (one person)	"This small tent provides shelter from outside sources, weather, and terrain."	20c	8
Tent (two person)	"This larger tent provides shelter from outside sources, weather, and terrain."	25c	10
Walkie-Talkie	"These small militaristic devices allow for long range communication. The dual radios function so long as you spend 6 AP to load an energy cell into each one, in which they each last for a total of 100 activations. You can spend 3 AP to activate one of the radios, when you activate it; any sound made within 5 feet of the radio is transmitted to the other radio which can be heard out to a range of 5 feet. If both radios are activated simultaneously, neither emit any sound."	120c	1
Water Skin	This leather pouch is fitted with a cap and nozzle and holds 60 oz. of liquid.	30c	3
Weapon Repair Kit	"This plastic box filled with tools and mechanisms was used during the great war to repair soldiers' weapons with ease. Though, the tech used to create them has long since been forgotten; many are still found across the wasteland. You can spend 6 AP to insert any weapon into the repair kit. After 1 minute, the weapon is ejected and loses 2 levels of decay. The weapon repair kit ceases function after it has been used."	90c	10
