Target	AP cost	Effects	Condition 1	Condition 2	Condition 3	Condition 4	Severe Injury
Eyes	5	Damage is Halved	-2 to Attacks until the end of next turn.	Disadvantage on all attacks until the end of next turn.	Blinded until the end of next turn.	Range on all weapons halved until the end of next turn.	"Eye Gouged. Permanent -2 to Perception. If both eyes are gouged, the target creature is permanently blinded. (But can take the Blind Devil perk!) Dis on perception checks, passive perception reduced by 5. "
Head	4	Increase Damage by 1 dice total. (Example: 1d10 to 2d10)	-	AP doesn’t recycle next turn.	-2 to AP until the end of the next turn.	-1 to AP until the end of combat.	"Rattled. If a Target has an Endurance score higher than 8, they cannot gain this severe injury. Target goes into shock and becomes frightened (flight) of the attacker until they are out of combat sequence."
Arms	2	Decrease Damage by 1 dice.	Disadvantage on next attack roll.	-1 to AP until the end of the next turn. 	Disadvantage on next two attack rolls.	Disadvantage on next three attack rolls.	Severed Hand. Permanent -2 to Agility. Can no longer use two-handed weapons without prosthetics. (But can take the Adaptive Reflexes perk!)
Torso	1	-	-	-	AP doesn’t recycle next turn.	Gain Bleeding for 2 turns.	Internal Bleeding. Target has the Bleeding Condition until they heal their HP to maximum. Can also be removed with a doctor's bag.
Groin	3	-	Disadvantage on next attack roll.	-1 to AP until the end of the next turn.	Falls Prone.	Gain all conditions from this target.	Intense Agony. Target goes into shock and is stunned until the end of their next turn.
Legs	2	Decrease Damage by 1 dice.	-	-1 AP until the end of the next turn.	Movement costs 2 AP until the end of next turn.	Falls prone.	Severed Foot. Permanent -2 to Agility. Movement costs 2 AP per 5 feet without a prosthetic. (But can take the Adaptive Movement perk!) 
Held or Carried Object	3	Targeted object decays by 1. Deals no damage to creature.	Object decays by 2 levels. 	Object falls to the ground.	Object flies 1d4 x 5 feet away.	Object flies 2d4 x 5 feet away.	Item is Destroyed.
