Mod Name	Description	Equippable Weapons
Bayonet	"Attach a knife or combat knife to the front of the weapon, you can attack with the knife without spending AP to switch weapons. "	Any ranged weapon with the Two Handed property.
Boosted Capacitor	"Enhanced power consumption of the primary energy chassis. When you attack with a weapon that has this modification, you can spend 2 rounds of ammunition instead of 1 to increase the damage by 2."	Any energy weapon. A weapon cannot have a boosted capacitor if it has an overclocked capacitor.
Double Action	"A revolver trigger mechanism upgrade fires the round and cocks the hammer simultaneously.  When you spend AP to attack with the weapon, it costs 1 less to a minimum of 1."	Any revolver.
Ergonomic Grip	"An overall improvement to the weapon’s grip, handling, and design to allow easier and more comfortable use. The weapon’s critical hit damage modifier or damage dice increases by 1.  "	Any weapon. 
Hardened Receiver	"An improvement to the firing mechanism to increase the power of the projectile.  The weapon gains Destructive and Powerful. If the weapon already has Destructive, then the weapon’s damage dice rank increases once to a maximum of d12. The weapon’s load increases by 2."	"Any handgun, submachine gun, rifle, or shotgun.  A weapon cannot have a hardened receiver if it has a Light Build."
Holographic weapon sight	A holographic reticle that is projected onto a non-magnifying sight. The weapon’s attack roll total is increased by 1. The weapon’s load increases by 1.	Any ranged weapon. A weapon cannot have a Holographic weapon sight if it already has a Scope or Infrared Scope.
Improved Rifling	An upgrade to the grooves in the barrel of a firearm.  The weapon’s range modifiers are increased by half.	"Any handgun, submachine gun, or rifle except for the Flare Gun, H&H Tools nail gun, or Railway Rifle."
Increased Clip Size	A longer and larger clip that feeds into the magazine to allow more rounds to be fired. The weapon's number of rounds is increased by 3.  	"Any handgun, submachine gun, rifle, or shotgun that does not have Manual Reload or Quick Reload."
Infrared Scope	"A highly technological pre-war wonder that uses thermal imaging to locate targets.  The weapon's long range modifier is tripled. You can target creatures that are hidden, shrouded, in complete darkness, or invisible so long as they are not behind full cover. Additionally, the weapons attack rolls are increased by 2. The weapon’s load increases by 2."	"Any revolver or rifle including the Laser Rifle, Plasma Rifle, or Gauss Rifle.  A weapon cannot have an Infrared Scope if it already has a Scope or Holographic weapon sight."
Laser Sight	"A device that projects a beam onto targets, providing a visual reference point. The weapon gains Accurate. The weapon’s load increases by 1."	"Any handgun, rifle, or energy weapon except for the Tri-Beam Laser Rifle, Multiplas Rifle, or Gatling Laser. "
Light Build	Replacing parts of the weapon with lighter materials for rebalance and ease of operation.  The weapon’s load decreases by half. The weapon’s strength requirement decreases by 1. The weapon gains Breakable. 	Any weapon. A weapon cannot have a Light Build if it is Strengthened.
Longer Barrel	An increase on the length of the barrel to provide more range at the cost of poorer short range.  The weapon's long range modifier increases by 10. The weapon's short range modifier decreases by 2. The weapon’s load increases by 4.	"Any handgun, rifle, or energy weapon. "
Lucky Charm	A little attachment that personalized your weapon. The weapon’s critical hit chance decreases by 1. 	Any weapon.
Muzzle Brake	A device that is fitted to the muzzle of a firearm to redirect propellant gasses outwards to reduce both recoil and muzzle rise. The weapon’s attack roll total is increased by 1. The weapon’s strength requirement decreases by 1. The weapon’s load increases by 2.	"Any handgun, submachine gun, rifle, or shotgun except for the Flare Gun, H&H Tools nail gun, or Railway Rifle."
On-Board Target Tracking	"A gyroscopic muzzle synchronized with the weapons sights and utilizing an artificial intelligence that locks onto targets and significantly improves aim. Before you make an attack with a weapon that has this modification, you can spend 6 AP to mark a target creature within the weapon's short range. Attack rolls against the marked creature have advantage."	"Any energy weapon except for the Gauss rifle, Gauss pistol, or Gatling Gun."
Overclocked Capacitor	"Even further improvements to the weapons power consumption. When you attack with a weapon that has this modification, you can spend 3 rounds of ammunition instead of 1 to increase the damage by 4."	Any energy weapon that doesn’t have automatic or charge. A weapon cannot have an overclocked capacitor if it has a boosted capacitor.
Scope	"A simple glass scope that allows for distant magnification, for weapons that already have a scope; this modification increases the magnification.  The weapon’s long range modifier is quadrupled. The weapon’s load increases by 2."	"Any revolver or rifle. The Laser Rifle, Plasma Rifle, or Gauss Rifle. A weapon cannot have a Scope if it already has an Infrared Scope or Holographic weapon sight."
Semi-Automatic	An overhaul of the weapon’s firing mechanism to allow rounds to be much more quickly loaded into its chamber. The weapon gains Semi-Automatic. 	"Any weapon that doesn’t have Manual Reload, Quick Reload, Automatic, Area of Effect, or Energy Weapon."
Silencer	"A muzzle device that reduces the acoustic intensity of the muzzle report.  While you are hidden; any attack rolls you make with a weapon that has a silencer modification does not reveal your presence to nearby creatures, allowing you to remain hidden except against the creature you attacked. The weapon’s load increases by 2. The weapon’s damage dice rank decreases once to a minimum of d4."	"Any handgun, submachine gun, rifle, or shotgun except for the Flare Gun, H&H Tools nail gun, or Railway Rifle. "
Speedloader	A device used for loading multiple chambers of a revolver simultaneously.  You can choose to reload the weapon with 4 AP.	Any revolver.
Stock	"Added back portion that provides structural support, for weapons that already have a stock; this modification improves them.  The weapon’s attack roll total is increased by 1. The weapon’s load increases by 4."	"Any submachine gun, rifle, shotgun, energy weapon, or revolver with the long barrel modification. "
Strengthen	Reinforcing the weapon’s structure and improving its weaker mechanisms and flaws.  The weapon gains Sturdy and Defensible. The weapon’s load increases by 2.	Any weapon. A weapon cannot be Strengthened if it has a Light Build.
