Accurate	"When you make a targeted attack roll with a weapon that has this property, roll twice on the conditions table and chose one."
Arc	"When you deal damage to a creature with a weapon that has this property, the energy leaps to another nearby creature. Each creature within 20 feet of the previously damaged creature takes the same damage. The energy leaps so long as there is a new target within 20 feet of the previous one."
Area of Effect	"When you attack with a weapon that has this property, you do not make an attack roll. Instead you use the required ammo and any creatures or objects in range take the damage listed when the attack hits. And make a check of X – your strength modifier to hit the designated area, for every 2 that you fail it is moved with 1 hex in a random direction. X depends on the weapon."
Automatic	"When you spend AP to attack with a weapon that has this property, you can make a number of additional attacks without spending any additional AP, the target of these additional attacks must be within 10 feet of the previous target and you do not add your agility modifier to the damage of the additional attacks. The number of additional attacks you can make is listed in the special properties column."
Automatic (Switch)	"A weapon with this property has two modes of fire, single and automatic. You can spend 3 AP to switch between the two modes. If you attack with the weapon while it is switched into its single mode of fire; the weapon functions normally and has the special properties listed under Single. If you attack with the weapon while it is switched into its automatic mode of fire; the weapon functions as if it has the automatic property (see Automatic above) and has the special properties listed under Automatic."
Breakable	The weapon gains a level of decay when you roll a 3 or lower on an attack roll.
Charge	"When you spend action points to make an attack roll with a weapon that has this property, you can spend up to 6 additional AP to add a number of additional damage dice to the damage. The number of additional damage dice that are added is equal to every 3 AP spent."
Corrosive	"When you deal damage to a creature with a weapon that has this property, they gain Corroded."
Debilitating	"When you deal damage to a creature's hit points from a targeted attack with a weapon that has this property, you roll twice on the conditions table and apply both conditions. If you roll the same condition twice, the effects stack."
Defensive	"If you block while holding this weapon, your DT increases by 2. "
Destructive	"When you roll a 1 on the damage dice with a ranged weapon that has this property, it is a 2 instead."
Durable	A ranged weapon with this property does not gain levels of decay when you roll a 1 on the attack roll the first 3 times.
Electromagnetic	"When a robot, synth, or creature made of inorganic material takes damage from a weapon with this property, the damage is doubled for them."
Energy Weapon	"When you attack with a weapon that has this property, you add your Energy weapons skill bonus to the d20 roll instead of any other skill bonus. Additionally, when you deal damage from an attack with a weapon that has this property, you add a bonus equal to your Perception ability modifier instead of any other ability modifier. "
Fragile	"When this weapon gains a level of decay, it breaks and ceases function."
Incendiary	"When you deal damage to a target creature’s hit points with a weapon that has this property, they gain the Burning condition."
Kickback	"If you hold a ranged weapon that has this property with one hand, both the short and long range are halved. "
Mangle	"When you deal damage to a target creature’s hit points with a weapon that has this property, they gain the Bleeding condition."
Manual Reload	"When you reload a weapon with this property, you must spend 1 AP to load one round into the weapon instead of spending 6 AP."
Powerful	"When you deal damage to a creature within 5 feet of you with a weapon that has this property, you deal 5 extra damage on the first creature hit and no disadvantage on the attack roll."
Quick Reload	Reloading a weapon with this property costs 4 AP instead of 6. 
Radioactive	"When you deal damage to a target creature’s hit points with a weapon that has this property, they must succeed a radiation check or take 1 level of rads."
Semi-Automatic	"If you spend AP to attack with this weapon directly after spending AP to attack with it on the same turn, you can make another attack without spending any AP. (Example: If you spend 4 AP to attack with a Laser Pistol on your turn, then you immediately spend 4 AP to attack again with the Laser Pistol, you can attack again without spending any AP.)"
Slow	"When you attack with this weapon, you do not hit your target until the start of your next turn. If your target is no longer in range, you miss your attack and deal no damage."
Spread	"When you attack a target in the second range increment of a weapon that has this property, you also target each creature and object within 5 feet of the target."
Sturdy	A ranged weapon with this property ignores the negative effects of the first 2 levels of decay.
Two Handed	"If you attack with a ranged weapon that has this property with only one hand, you have disadvantage on the attack roll. Alternatively, if your Strength ability score is greater than strength requirement by at least 3, you can wield a ranged weapon with the two handed property with one hand without having disadvantage on the attack roll."
Unstable	A weapon with this property gains a level of decay every five times you reload it instead of ten.
Unwieldy	If you attack with a ranged weapon that has this property with only one hand; you have disadvantage on the attack roll.
